a huge part of the Belgorod region, the
Voronezh region, this is all Ukrainian
ethnic territory, we are
even watching video arrivals in the Voronezh
region, yes, in the Belgorod region, in the villages, people
speak Ukrainian.
you have such an
interesting t-shirt, it's not scary to wear such a
t-shirt in Tomsk,
but it's a little scary today,
some men came out, let's say, not
the most sober,
you look very askance, you're also
sweaty, but you can really
mushroom there, well, I'm somehow trying to survive
Cool  and the World Cup
is shared here. Yes, it is mainly history. Politics,
what is historically interesting is the
10th century,
mainly what is specifically the 20th century. A fairly
broad
rehabilitation regime is
possible in Poland.
Specifically, are you a historian? Yes, I
graduated from Kyiv
National University named after Taras
Shevchenko with a degree in history. I have 18 years of practice and in 2 years
there will be a twenty-year-old. So, this is
my profile.
If I can contact you, I
don’t understand the following.
- that back Viktor Suvorov’s book, the
Icebreaker, well, the revisionist
there. As far as I remember, it was stated
that the Soviet Union, led by
Stalin,
was preparing a pre-emptive attack on Germany.
Well, I don’t know whether it was pre-emptive or
not, but most likely because
Germany
attacked as a result and I wanted to say so  On the ruins
of Europe left after the war with the
democratic countries, communist regimes will be established
throughout Europe and in this
way, so to speak, I don't
know, look. The point is that Viktor
Suvorov is an artistic writer. He is
not a historian.
No, no, look, this is
not history, I am a professional
historian. Yes, we work with archives, yes, with
certain results of scientific
conferences. Yes, Suvorov is just a
guy who sits down and writes whatever he wants.
he is a
historian and his works are not
historical works, he is just a
writer of fiction, he can write
anything, but I don’t know if you have studied this
topic at all.  I do
n't remember that I
have come across these documents that Stalin
wanted to attack Germany and so on. I
know clearly. Yes, Stalin and Hitler
divided the milled Ribbentrop
according to the pact of the milled Ribbentrop. They divided the
influence in Europe and started the Second World
War. Germany and the
Soviet
Union attacked Poland.  Did you study the history of pre-war
Poland, the interbellum
period, but this is not a profile. Well, it
was not the topic of my scientific dissertation, but I
certainly studied it because the events of
the interbellum period influenced the
events that led to the Second World
War
and its
course.  about
the history of Ukraine, you probably
studied the Ukrainian-Polish war
after the First World War, which
began between ZUNR, in my opinion,
the Western Ukrainian People's Republic and the
Polish Republic, what exactly
interests you there?
the article about the
fact that the French delegation from the
Entente proposed
dividing the border between ZUNR and Poland
by drawing a
national border, that is, Lviv,
then I think you were aware that it was
mostly populated by Poles and Jews,
and they actually wanted to give it to Poland at
that time.  the
entire population of the Soviet Union was
Ukrainian, not Polish, so that is, this is
also the case, for example, you take the city of
Grozny there. Yes, during the Soviet Union,
Russian figures were brought there, for example,
and all around, the entire territory
was inhabited by the same people.
The territory
goes far into the territory of modern
Poland, yes. The point is that then there
was such an operation.
Poland Yes, this is the
ancient city of Holm, the hill country. This
territory is called this.
This is the territory that
once belonged to the state of Russia. Yes, that is
how Kievskaya Rus is, if it is the
Gallic-Volyn principality.
also the city of Rzeszów in
this, this is the
city of Ryaschów in Ukrainian, yes, this is the
city of Przemyśl, yes, this is the city of Przemyśl,
this is the territory that was on it,
if I am not mistaken, it is also called in
Poland, the Russian Voivodeship.  in
my opinion, the Ukrainian is called
Krasnaya, it was never called that,
modern historians came up with it
in short, that’s why there were other lines, they
proposed the Kerzan line, and so
on, and so on. Ethnic Territory The fact is
that modern Ukraine is
much less ethnic than its
ethnic territory  resettlement,
for example, a
huge part of the Belgorod region,
the Voronezh region, this is all Ukrainian
ethnic territory, we are
even watching video arrivals in the Voronezh
region, and in the Belgorod region, in the villages people
speak Ukrainian, people
speak Ukrainian, they react to drones, that's the
same thing Kuban Kuban
was all populated  vyhodtsami iz Ukrainy
So there,
the language has still been preserved if in the villages
Look at how they stutter as well as our
songs, culture and so on But now
they are assimilated by the Russians also in
this there are some on the territory of Romania Here is
Mormoroshchyna
and the territory inhabited by Ukrainians on the
territory of modern Slovakia  There is a
large community that is
historically Ukrainian and Poland lives there, so it
turned out to be interesting, by the way, about the
Kuban.  the
majority were actually the so-
called malorosovs. Well, it’s clear.
Ukra, look, there’s another.
toinin.ua sites
Ugh, no, I can't log in, you can't, yes,
apparently, with ua, everything is already blocked on
this country. Yes, you can
go there under VPN.  there are
different maps and there is an
ethno-linguistic composition superimposed on the map, this is the Russian
Empire according to the census, yes and there you can clearly
choose Ukrainian, it is called the
Little Russian language, yes, how
it was written in the census, and you can clearly see
the borders of the settlement of Ukrainians, you choose
Belarusian Belarusian, you choose there and so
on  очень интересный
визуализация Well, I can't
go in right now, but I understand that in Kuban
there was a majority of Ukrainians before the
Bolsheviks.
Yes, it was always interesting to me. Why,
more precisely, how were they assimilated? First,
secondly, I looked at the
Polish-language article about the
Holodomor on Wikipedia  it was written that there were
different regions of the Soviet Union, i.e.
Ukraine, there were
Kuban, others, and there was a percentage
ratio of how many people died from the
policies of the Soviet leadership in
Moscow, and in Kuban, more than 25% of the
population died, that is, it was such a
purposeful policy, what was it to
get rid of  от украинского наличество и
заселить
русскими I don't know, I think что
да панял Well then, thank you very much. Ugh,
subscribe to my Telegram right now. Here
he is,
Popyk, this is very, very important. YouTube
drives us into a shadow ban due to the complaints of the orcs,
and a lot of videos are not
shown to people on time
information about the streams is not displayed, so that
we can have an operational connection, subscribe
right now. And Popyk,
in addition to the video, there is also interesting and useful
information in Telegram, and we must keep in
constant operational communication with you, regardless
of whether he will show you  about this
YouTube Slava Ukraine subscribe